hey what's going on guys my name's
Anthony or a big B stats and welcome
back to another minecraft pocket edition
zero point 11.0 update information video
for you guys said today and as you can
see we have a brand new feature which
allows two entities to be in a boat at
the same exact time look at this we have
Steve and a pig now I'm going to point
out some things too and there's a lot of
screenshots to show you you can see the
two buttons in the interface down below
that is the new boat interface that will
be in the update it's almost like
paddles like you know you oppressed left
i think that activates the right way and
i'm not quite sure how that works yet
they did mention it in an interview but
it looks very good as you can see you
know you have 12 left going to the right
are you see you have the pig in there
now the third person screen you we
finally get to see our face now i don't
know if this is going to be in zero
point 11 like third person view if so
that will be really amazing because i'm
really looking forward to third person
view where you can actually see your
face I know we're possibly getting skins
in this update so that would be a good
feature to have to where you can
actually see your face I'm third person
view let me know if you like that but
yeah overall this looks really good you
know you can have your wolf travel with
you and you don't have to you know tell
a dozen teleport as much or you could
just travel with them across the water
as much as you like and also just having
boats in general in Pocket Edition
because currently on Pocket Edition now
we do not have votes so having bolts in
general is something that's going to be
amazing feature and check the top he
says wolves don't like boats and swords
in their face but most likely boats
which they're new to it just like us but
I think they'll they'll soon fall in
love with it once they as long as they
don't get seasick or something crazy
like that but that's pretty much it for
today's video you guys I hope you guys
did enjoy remember boats are going to be
better than ever actually you can have
it's almost like a bigger boat they
don't break as easy they pretty much
bounce all things new interface on how
to control them and it's just it's
looking really good i will admit pocket
edition i was always doing a great job
on adding these new features and
unexpect
features like I don't think I would have
thought of this at all but anyway hope
you guys did enjoy drop the like is very
much appreciated and be sure to
subscribe to stay up-to-date with more
minecraft pocket edition news and much
more and until the next I will talk to
you guys later peace out